Update documentation (#144)
bakdata/streams-bootstrap: README.md

        return kafkaProperties;
    }
}
```

The following configuration options are available:

- `--brokers`: List of Kafka brokers (comma-separated) (**required**)

- `--schema-registry-url`: The URL of the schema registry (**required**)

- `--output-topic`: The output topic

- `--streams-config`: Kafka producer configuration (`<String=String>[,<String=String>...]`)

- `--extra-output-topics`: Additional named output topics (`String=String>[,<String=String>...]`)

- `--clean-up`: Whether the output topics and associated schemas of the producer app should be deleted instead of
  running the app

- `--debug`: Configure logging to debug

### Helm Charts

For the configuration and deployment to Kubernetes, you can use
the [Helm Charts](https://github.com/bakdata/streams-bootstrap/tree/master/charts).
To configure your streams app, you can use
the [`values.yaml`](https://github.com/bakdata/streams-bootstrap/blob/master/charts/streams-app/values.yaml) as a
starting point.
To configure your producer app, you can use
the [`values.yaml`](https://github.com/bakdata/streams-bootstrap/blob/master/charts/producer-app/values.yaml) as a

> starting point.

Reviewer: Maybe also add a hint to both cleanup jobs?

}
```

The following configuration options are available:

- `--brokers`: List of Kafka brokers (comma-separated) (**required**)

- `--schema-registry-url`: The URL of the schema registry (**required**)

- `--input-topics`: List of input topics (comma-separated)

- `--input-pattern`: Pattern of input topics

- `--output-topic`: The output topic

- `--error-topic`: A topic to write errors to

- `--streams-config`: Kafka Streams configuration (`<String=String>[,<String=String>...]`)

- `--extra-input-topics`: Additional named input topics if you need to specify multiple topics with different message
  types (`<String=String>[,<String=String>...]`)

- `--extra-input-patterns`: Additional named input patterns if you need to specify multiple topics with different
  message types (`<String=String>[,<String=String>...]`)

- `--extra-output-topics`: Additional named output topics if you need to specify multiple topics with different message
  types (`String=String>[,<String=String>...]`)

> - `--clean-up`: Whether the state of the Kafka Streams app, i.e., offsets and state stores and auto-created topics,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--clean-up`: Whether the state of the Kafka Streams app, i.e., offsets and state stores and internal topics,
```

Author: I wanted to highlight that it only affects auto-created topics. A topic that the user creates but is only used internally could also fall under your description

Reviewer: Ah, good point 👍
